docs: Update book with new evm proof format (#1579)
openvm-org/openvm: book/src/writing-apps/verify.md

```json
{
  "app_exe_commit": "0x..",
  "app_vm_commit": "0x..",
  "user_public_values": "0x..",
  "proof_data": {
    "accumulators": "0x..",
    "proof": "0x.."
  },
}
```

where each field is a hex string. We explain what each field represents:

- `app_exe_commit`: `32` bytes for the commitment of the app executable.

> - `app_vm_commit`: `32` bytes for the commitment of the app VM proofs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `app_vm_commit`: `32` bytes for the commitment of the app VM configuration.
```

- `user_public_values`: concatenation of 32 byte chunks for user public values. The number of user public values is a configuration parameter.
- `proof`: The rest of the proof required by the SNARK as a hex string of `43 * 32` bytes.
- `accumulators`: `12 * 32` bytes representing the KZG accumulator of the proof, where the proof is from a SNARK using the KZG commitment scheme.

### EVM Proof: Calldata Format

The `cargo openvm verify evm` command reads the EVM proof from JSON file and then simulates the call to the verifier contract using [Revm](https://github.com/bluealloy/revm/tree/main). This function should only be used for testing and development purposes but not for production.

> To verify the EVM proof in an EVM execution environment, the JSON format can be passed 1-to-1 into the function arguments of the `verify` function. To construct the `proofData` argument, you can simply `abi.encodePacked(accumulators, proof)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify the EVM proof in an EVM execution environment, the entries of the JSON can be passed as function arguments for the `verify` function, where the `proofData` argument is constructed by `proofData = abi.encodePacked(accumulators, proof)`.
```
